i  understand that because you did it the easy way richard you build a channel based on bullying
and  judgment his
coming  from a guy who deliberately lies about
i  guess criminal liable isn't
least  i can't
charged  for what i'm doing whereas
a  lying about how people conduct their business like how you did with
someone's  feelings by pointing out how stupid they are that is criminal and the
none  other
noxious
and  i have stayed away from making a video but i sell for as long as pausing
this  guy loves
does  away at
to  day we take a look at the strong peril
and
creator  of the chance
abuse
book  book
are  all that important
tonnerre
and
so
stupid
you  know
this  is like with you know what stories about my
but  people just make up make up stories about
it's  lonely at the top
read  the whole book
laughable  nonsense these
guys  are so alike i can't
just  dawning on me now like honestly today today it dawned on me the
are  so alike
now  really have nothing
i  find trump
and  never once missed
and  actually guys have to admit there is the
agree  with what
not  often but yes
so
the  shawanoes
have  you been over that both men
i  would
he's  not just a little bit stupid yet i don't want to call in it
i  do
feel  that these people are diatonic
more
well  tulisan
what  i saw had
can't  help but feel though these people are idiots when they're not brilliant when their imbeciles
pretending  their witty and charming and brilliant when they're not pretending their humorous
and  intelligent when they're not between vegan sheeta and did near
he  when he sitting on the bench next
he's  the smartest tack in the stack intention
you  share with us exactly what is
because  you like to use
because  you're content
claimed  to be a unit
okay  eyes many of us also
have
and  can i just say this i don't ever remember having
it  is resistance
in  their beautiful
we  need an randa are in low
the
as  especially good looking no they're not good looking period they're not like
trump  i sallies to judge women on their looks i tell ye ye
i  lay following any
you  know that when
well  let's just say your pole numbers
so
the
i  wonder why i tell you now understand
heavily  watched by
you  understand that the way women vote on
oh  you could be a model no you
attentats  plant
eats  every one he's a lying
come
i  honestly don't understand how any one like this has an audience
boring  and
he
now  that you all know he's lying to you constantly
what's  the point in watching
any  more if you're subscribe to them
but
i  do not have worse
ah  in terms of what i can do positively in
we  were laughing or as
were  laughing and laughing of court
we  should have recorded that we should have continial reaction of the
and  in the midst of in the midst of our hysterical
you  know what i'm going to do i'm going to send
i'm  going to offer tabooing
in  which i will wear the cut out cardboard
these  various people he keeps giving keeps offer of agathe and boxing meywood ever
accept  right so i said look you know richard we can like print out like a computer photograph
the  face of planted like cut it out like
stick  it on to you know that imposing had
i  think that would work and it's all we can do we can do a serene boxing that and each
round  the boxing match aware the mask
the  the masseuse pretty quick this plan doesn't
love  me getting question the face but you i can with a mask of plants and a bunch of these other guys
you  keep trying to resolve these situations with the offer of a
that  would be an excuse
i  got a basin at offendene coming up i don't even want to win but i mean
you  want to lose with decency and after and after it the way a lot
so  that what had of it the other things that come to mind me looking at this i'm in a comment below one of the
and  you know part of the original
do  you know you go to your
part  of what made it magical
a  lot of its working together even the
pop  in
and  of course the israelis there these different
and  attell you you know canadians
do
isolated  isleting bunch a lot of what's wrong with canadian
and  a lot of what rotation political or
and  then he began political culture
within
the  way he approaches all these problems whether it's him reproach
pacing
emily
always  tries to take the moral
now  i had tideswell think a work worth watchman
i  think the vidette like i'm a terrible person i do meteors but a couple of the ideas that
melican  give
you'll  visionaries
it's  really destructive preempts any possibility of productive conversation
or  cooperation progress
he  starts off with in relation to be
by  explaining you exactly how we consider
whether  it's a part
her  work on a steer bullying
botheration  ed out what when i approach people
explained  this methodology
i  would really start off the same situation with the hay look
i  moytubber i'm trying to make content and find dad
you  you to be in exactly the same
so  i'm not going to call you a combat because if you're a combat that i must come back to the same
and  if you're a terrible person because you insult other tubers sometimes
the  amateurs by the same to
which  in this case of the completely true and accurate
ponteach  is very much guilty of the things he's a cut in and out
right  it is ludicrous from detroit take the more irons and again after i've just shown
you  these clips
he  did in relation to my channel
he  is not in a position taken away and he could have my channel is as deserving a criticism
i'm  not saying nothing of one
reproach  or a want to say there are things that there on the hill that you can criticize but he doesn't really is
he  obviously at it might you know for communicant but he's misrepresenting
both  in the
it  has no salience to
he  really threw away the
as  richard says as being gained says he does the same thing tramore
instead  of reporting the new
stead  of actually engaging in
dialogue
he  gets to do with an imaginary partner because he is inventing
said  that you never
he's  a signing things
wildly  element
politically  an otherwise monotonous saw the video
what  he compared like she said i'm going to discuss how these
right
i  don't think i think he on that debate i mean there was no way debating with him like
do  you think he proved or pointed out any meaningful similarities to myself and donald trump
you  know what i mean that just went nowhere but so is figgin i'm not
saying  my political position
you  i would love it if there were other channels the criticized
in  the scene the row thoughtful way that i've criticised garry francis
i  would love it if there were other channels to criticize me in the same meaningly that i even criticized
then
you  know and go again there's a play last it's cold like most of lemos offensive play lest ever
thinks  like nethercote i admit people did frontenac not a meaningless criticism i didn't just
call  them
there's  a really meaningful set of political reflections in discussions on that play less and you can disagree
with  it that's cool but don't come on the internet and mister rose misrepresented and labour it
give  catiline
problems  with
are  actually
a  broader
and  with canadium mentality no depending on when you're fomented states you may feel canadian cultures very
similar  to river mules is from the foreign or
you're  from mc
and  you know i joke with her and my old when you come to canada it's goin to
obviously  i mean in michigan they also have people who get drunk and watch i saw but
but  if you're from texas the culture in texas niente the culture
but  frankly you another washington d c
i
so  merge country and it is culture
but  canada in some ways quite different
in  some ways more influence
and  i'm not joking when i say like in canada
we  don't come
real  problems i've seen this
canada  of sorry this is true most of the people in direct with the
it's  a very rare that i
almost
you  know i was in old an ecological politics of
and  he started working with
my  story working
while  these people can actually get
these  people can chinese immigrants in
such  a contrast
white  western left wing
but  you know like when you try to organize white no
everybody  is trying to back step everybody else everybody's putting the fun of ling's not even back step
every  one's playing this game of
who  do you think you are don't you know who i think
every  one playing this game of i'm morally superior to you for reason acts just like plenty
it's  all about claiming the moral high ground and like you know you're trying to get a bunch of left when
you
logical
and  it's all the boat whose more left wing then who and whose moral gil the
really  nasty it's really and this
oh  yes oh yes oh yes but as wasn't just impolitely allocution
oh  yeah well so but also remember what express
sopwith  canadian academic he supposedly carbolic
or  whatever the cause is in reality
they  really live close
it's  very very hard yea but i mean with so the other thing someone wrote to me in response
to  my comment i comment
you  notice you can't get on
and
somebody  wrote in saying no that's just
that  there is a lot of labor
ever  to look in her that is not
and  the cane the canadians who were not on
ay  worse at least people come on you tube like an
they're  used to kind of gathering their thoughts and stating them publicly in there they have a kind of pre
habitus
willing  to engage with the
and  the canadian like began who are not nutther won't even
they  will you meantime you can go to the ecological event or the conference of the
academic  career go to the political event and they will stand there
and  feast a face give you the sign
and  moses people so we talked with the set was similar he said in
there's  this really deep cultural habit in an
people  have made this white inch
they  make one circle of friends
they  get really is that circle of friends
and  what a gain
they  have certain french won't judge them was all that of him alas this don't
judge  me i won't judge you compact and then they stay inside that circle of friends and they stand touch
by  face book even if
and  they never open up they never moved beyond it they never challenge themselves
they  never open of the other the other kinds
and  what i live the world making friends with cambodians is heard of lived
in  cambodia you know if i can bonafide each hard there's a language period this culture you know making
use  any example you don't whatever wheeldale over the room but even
with  the in canada if you're thirty year old you know adult making friends
with  new strange dalton know where you're coming from don't relate who don't make excuses
you  will your they're going to ask you what has a wider life for up you know what i mean they're
going  to ask you a dashy didn't you do ship since you graduate university why are n't you done sit with you when
you  make me friends either within your own culture there are these kinds of challenges to your go and if you're
going  to have colleagues in politics
fundamentally  a lot of it has to do with that sense
respect  and
and  a white and wished
to  be
it's  all about couthin you are who you think you are don't you know
what  think
sense  of more spirit and then they have this other little secret world they were
this  is my circle of friends they know who i really am they don't judge me whether
they  were picked up during
once
in  your experience
yes
the
you  know i
it  is is the ultimate aboriginal in it's not deep but its red
but  you know obviously on one level
meaningless
squabble  for the sake
but  i do this
symptomatic
kind  of underlying
but  is
and  you know not every one to
both  going on but
you  know leadership and followers
a
you  have to be able to get people to
five  people
all  all the
the  ultimate
and  you are keeree ting on like you look having a meeting me so kings so what have we
accomplished
well
that's  important for
and  i really think it's it's getting to that
altares  pect but just being colleagues you know you can have comparative attitude
you  can have your
you  don't have to be friends exactly but
we  really
and  when i got involved with vetustatis
in  contrast
green  party
again  the
people
most  important
these  people know how to talk
they're  not friend
but  you know how i
again  and again
and  i mean
as  there were people who act like
people  who act exactly the same way planting its acts
the  moral superiority in all the ship and they have no use channel they have nothing to promote
there's  no money in it for them
their  just the self important the
back  stabbing pitch all the time any way probos
you  know i see the same attitude
we  don't even have that possible
it  related news by the way you know i'm a canadian city
you  know my status in
stuff  counts for nothing of it so many videos in this channel taking the first nation
think  that doesn't
emotional  component
ultimate
these  problems in my
i  care
ultimately  i can't choose to
keep  it all were